Virtuous Adornment for All the World
Verses to Bring Auspiciousness and Wellbeing
by Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö

pünsum tsokpa yishyin nor dra gyalwé ku
The body of the victorious ones, entirely perfect like a wish-fulfilling jewel,
ngawo ché dré tsang yang yenlak drukchü sung
The speech with sixty melodious tones of Brahma, like a magnificent drum,
drimé gyatso tar zab ting pak kawé tuk
And the wisdom mind that is deep and hard to fathom like a pristine ocean—
sang sum yönten tayé gang dé tashi shok
Through the boundless qualities of these three secrets, may all be auspicious!

dral min yongdzok ku sumden pé dzoksang gyé
Perfect Buddha, complete with all qualities of freedom and maturation and the three kāyas,
shyi sil drib nyi tsadung lé kyob dampé chö
Sacred Dharma, cooling tranquility that protects from the torment of the two obscurations,
rik drol dangden tarlam tön dzé gendün tsok
And Saṅgha assembly, revealers of the path to liberation who possess knowledge and liberation—
chok sum tukjé dukkar dampé tashi shok
Through the compassion of these Three Supreme Jewels, may there be the auspiciousness of the
sublime white parasol.

jinlab trin trik gyal kündü shyal lama dang
The guru, face and embodiment of all the victorious ones, in whom cloud-like blessings gather,
drub nyi charbeb yidam shyi dang trowö lha
Peaceful and wrathful yidam deities, who bring down rains of twofold attainment,
gödö drebu yongsu min dzé khandrö tsok
And hosts of ḍākinīs, who provide the fruit of all that is wished for and required—
tsa sum damchen sungma chepé tashi shok
May there be the auspiciousness of these Three Roots together with the oath-bound guardians.

kham sum wangdü wang gi lhamo drolma mar
Red Tārā, magnetizing goddess with the power to attract the three realms,
nor dang sönam kalwa zang ter namtö sé
Vaiśravaṇa, bestower of abundant wealth, merit and good fortune,
tsé jin lhamo chimé pakma drolma yi
And Tārā, Sublime Lady of Immortality, goddess who grants longevity—
tashi dé kyang dengdir khyé la delek shok
Through their auspiciousness may you have happiness and wellbeing here and now.

shipé tsik gi yang nyen ni
May these harmonious verses of auspiciousness,
nyen gyur drinpé dza nga lé
Arisen from the resonant drum of the throat,
jung di lhawang yabsé kyi
Bring every excellence of the mightiest of gods and his heirs
sishyi lektsok gyé gyur chik
From throughout the whole of existence and peace.

Chökyi Lodrö wrote this for the sake of positive interdependent circumstances. May virtue and
auspiciousness abound.

| Translated by Adam Pearcey with the generous support of the Khyentse Foundation and Tertön
Sogyal Trust, 2020.

Source: 'Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros. "bkra shis bde legs su byed pa'i tshigs su bcad pa 'jig
rten bde ba'i rgyan/" in ’Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros kyi gsung ’bum. 12 vols. Bir:
Khyentse Labrang, 2012. W1KG12986 Vol. 12: 381–382